CLIENT-SPECIFICATION: v1.5 (#5428)
tldr-pages/tldr: CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md

## Changelog

 - [v1.5, March 11th 2021](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/8505e55b568dbc394ea853d488cd07484c051e21/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md) ([#5327](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5327))

>    - Add requirement for converting command names to lowercase before searching for them.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
   - Add requirement for converting command names to lowercase before running the page resolution algorithm.
```
